Lord, do you like Qin Banruo?
What are you thinking about?
I just think the old man's engagement for me
He's got a point.
Besides, Qin Banruo took the initiative to show me kindness
If I cancel the engagement for no reason
Is damaging his reputation
Xiao family
You personally broke into the Dragon Hall
Check it out yeah
And you don't have to hide your tracks.
Let the world feel that I am returning to the Dragon Palace with you
You are my shadow
If you were the only one to return to the Dragon Palace
It is inevitable that people with hearts
Will see clues from the Qin family
Although the truth is unknown now
But be careful
After finding out
Return to Qinzhou as soon as possible and repay me
I understand, and there is a final explanation.
Prepare a gift for me.
Tomorrow will be given to the Lone Wolf, if my memory is correct.
Saint Doctor Gu Xiande
Doesn't seem to know your identity
So it seems that the doctor is more benevolent
The subordinate will arrange it.
Boy, how many things are you hiding from me?